the bodies of journalists s and Muhammad
abis surrounded by colleagues before
burial in Gaza their press gear and
Insignia didn't protect them from
Israeli
strikes by the time they fell on October
10 just 3 days after the War Began
already seven local journalists had been
killed according to the committee to
protect journalists the war on Gaza has
quickly become the deadliest Conflict
for journalists since the
1990s on average more than one
journalist has been killed every day
since October
7 the cpj reports that nearly 40 have
now lost their lives at the hands of the
Israeli forces since the War Began
they've been killed by air strikes
artillery shelling or being shot as
non-combatants journalists are protected
under article 79 of the Geneva
Convention and all parties to the
conflict have a duty to protect them but
Palestinian journalists say they are
undaunted hours after jaaz journalist D
lost his wife son daughter and a
grandson in an Israeli raid he returned
to the battlefield to
report over the decades scores of
Palestinian journalists have died
covering the conflict including Al jaz's
own
Sharin Palestinians believe Israel has
constantly been trying to mute and
stifle their
voice but its dominance in the world of
information can still be challenged even
by Young Palestinian social media
influencers such as 16year old
AB this is my own Abu Studio no one can
take my studio this studio was my
starting point and my end will be here
oh no we're here to stay
abu's daily War diary from a Gaza
rooftop amid bombardment gained him huge
sympathy and fame in the region his
Young Generation as well as the more
professional journalists are braving
bullets and bombs in Gaza and the West
Bank to convey the Palestinian story to
the world Muhammad Val Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer